#1
As a tourist I want to be able to filter the list of suggestions by certain criteria so that I can narrow the results.
Success:	Smaller list of results displayed to tourist.
Failure:	Full list of results displayed to user and message displayed "Result filtering failed"
Acceptance Criteria:
	A tourist can filter accommodation on Type (Hotel, B&B, Hostel, Holiday Rentals), star rating, price per night and tourist ranking
	A tourist can filter food on Type (bar, restaurant, fast food), cuisine (Irish, Indian, Chinese, Italian, Lebanese) and tourist ranking
	A tourist can filter activities on Type (historical, on the water, active, nature, arts, spa, tours) and tourist ranking
	A tourist opens the list of experiences, note the number of results. Selects some criteria to narrow the result. 
		The list now has less entries. The tourist unselects the criteria and the number of results is back to the previous number

#2
As a tourist I want to be able to sort the suggestions in a particular order so that I can compare suggestions.
Success:	Results sorted in ascending/descending based on column selected.
Failure:	Results not sorted and error message displayed "Results could not be sorted on this criteria"
Acceptance Criteria:
	A tourist opens the list of experience, note the order. The tourist selects a certain column to sort on. The order will change.

#3
As a tourist I want to rate a suggestion given to me so that I will receive more suited suggestions in the future.
Success:	rating, experience and type recorded in database and message displayed to tourist: 
			"Thank you, we'll use this to improve our suggestions in the future".
Failure:	Message is displayed to user "Your rating could not be recorded at this time, please try again later"
Acceptance Criteria:
	A tourist can give a 5 point emoticon rating from "what were you thinking?" to "great suggestion"
	A tourist gives a suggestion the worst rating, very sad face & "what were you thinking?". 
		This suggestion does not appear in the list of suggestions again.
	A tourist gives a suggestion the best rating, very happy face & "great suggestion".
		Suggestions of this type appear in great numbers in the list of suggestions.

#4
As a tourist I want to rate an experience I have taken so that the app will give suggestions based on ratings to all tourists in the future.
Success:	rating and experience are recorded in database and message displayed to tourist:
			"Thank you, we'll use this information to give tourists better suggestions".
Failure:	Message is displayed to user "rating could not be recorded at this time"
Acceptance Criteria:
	A tourist can give a 5 point emoticon rating: Terrible, Poor, Average, Very good, Excellent.
	A tourist gives an experience the worst rating, very sad face & Terrible. This experience is lower in the list for the next tourist.
	A tourist gives an experience the best rating, very happy face & Excellent. This experience is higher in the list for the next tourist.

#5
As a tourist I want to review an experience I have taken so that the app can show this to future tourists.
Success:	Review (subject, body, time of visit & rating) stored in database and message displayed to tourist:
			"Thank you, you have successfully reviewed this experience"
Failure:	Message is displayed to user "Your review could not be recorded at this time, please try again later"
Acceptance Criteria:
	A tourist reviews an experience giving a subject, body and rating. 
		This review is visible in chronological order the next time the tourist views the experience.
